Are you sure that if you spoke old
videogame player about games and fighting
of super nintendo the first thing that
come to the head will be the games of the series
deadly kombat of the street fighter series
or that he insists or who knows
Samurai shodown this because those were
games of super fight this more
had fame
really does not even have to be a great
understanding of games to meet the
There were several other fighting games
for the super nintendo classic
some are not so well-known
Well, that's when I separated.
some of these games more known than
others but it's worth taking a look
in all beginning by brutal bell
zafiri game where the characters are
humanized animals fighting arts
interesting martial arts
It's more or less the commonplace story.
in it the players go to an island
called for such a reason to fight for
fame recognition of course a prize in
money
but okay at least the characters
are cool
among them we have a cafofo bane the rabbit
Shaolin monk known for his
kicks and we also have the price
none is the African lion that his
guitar against opponents in that
the fifth the coyote a greedy coyote
who fights and with the bank even more
four characters to choose from
totaling 7 and still a secret
can be released with mother but the game is
in and of itself it is good
Ah, I'd say not
although designs are beautiful to
gameplay is very bad
even with the 14 difficulty itself
fourteen difficulties due to the fact that
bad to control the characters
The game gets a bit difficult until the
lower difficulties
remembering that these other gameplay
background this video I'm not playing
against the machine 15 even my girlfriend
and multiplayer
the two then a good game the power one
style that them times not power list
The game is also known as gugu which
arises and xvii punches or else the club what
comes up
because the story of this game is
basically around this clan that the
every five years holds a tournament that
determines who will be your next
leader
the only one to flee is the current leader and has
defended his reign for 60 years but
now many strong fighters are
willing to defeat him as only of
within the clan can participate in the
tournament all the characters have some
kinship and let's talk not about
some of them my favorite that I always
picked 15 years ago from super nintendo
is the kit with a young rebel who was doing
part of a gang
only that he abandoned her because of
father's implication
another also liked the white
buffalo a native american tries
protect the rights of its people to
any cost and the most
bizarre of all
the other denied that she messes with her younger sister
of the current clan leader wisdom
loosened your mouth when your
opponents
You do not know what plate I asked.
person comes back older than
say no this is not the craziest for sale
but suppose the other fighters saw a
young beautiful for a while
not using the game's gameplay is
very good
the characters have legal powers
scenarios although it is a bit simple
of a better setting the game
summing up your own voice for the
next round of the robots
is a fighting game about cyborgs robots
and machines of destruction รณ appear legal
we will see the gameplay is very caught
but at least that does not hinder the game
as much as gross safi hotel
I do not know if you have powers in the game because I
I tried to go back to the album but I could not
hit the combination no good but
at least you can select character
cool not the only character is a guy
called cyborg and you play that way
history by defeating the enemies 11 and
multiplayer
only one player can choose one
different robot
player one stays with sicoob name
says that there is a continuation
made by playstation 1 with much more
characters, but I have not played
I want to pass away from the sporting been
some big n style games prosuper ness
and even a racing game but moreover
almaty marf power rangers definition
in it you do not control the rangers you
controls the mega organs a story
You choose the Thunder Mega Luck and the
mega tiger lucky and goes defeating the
enemies and other mega sorgi until you reach
in the great villain the nord 7
the gameplay is good asis part of
characters are beautiful and brand trails
It's great, this all makes the game.
be very fun and still in the
multiplayer where you can choose
between four mega-fortunes and four billion
fight your very good friend - for
now next site history is a game
produced by the date this m
193 for using kits in 1994 went to
overcome the Indian and in fact this game
even has a certain reputation reputed to be a
copy
That's right the game was a copy
blatant street fighter 2 starting now
control which also consists of a
leverage these buttons but in time to
play and the striking similarity between the
characters and a coup
good the letter with even the prosecution against
sorry for plagiarism
then the judges by copying and even that has
the good elements a few examples
this is the weaknesses
every fighter a weak spot that
when often hit the spot there
in question begins to shine and so the
fighter can get dizzy by movie
the team takes to hit him more
this is one of the few most news
part is the breaking of a glance
in these images
each one then, well guys, enjoy the video
you should see more informative videos from this
genre and of course the game did also is
that's when I went
O